after we have an idea of what your
character is going to look like as seen
in Episode one it's time to build it
welcome to how to make a stop-motion
a stop motion would be nothing without
at least one character but there's well
the meets the eye
but protagonists of your videos they
should all have a skeleton which just
like ours helps along their movements
for Duke I build this bizarre armature
with the creature and character building
system from Lego then used paper to make
parts of the body and arms plus this in
for its head and paper for its face
attaching everything together makes a
solid looking head and in the end a
great-looking puppet
I did the same with Eva making her body
out of play-doh this time face out of
plasticine here again out of play-doh
try out different eye and mouth styles
and find the better ones to have this
end result
the protagonists of Homo also has a
similar skeleton he also shared a body
with this guy
you can make a lot of cool things out of
plasticine and play-doh
you just have to be creative this
concept art turned into this for example
you can also use like an air shifter
body like I did creating a leader sized
lockdown with all of his cool face gum
and a hook
I also made a drift out of Prime hotshot
using blue tag to attach pieces of paper
to the body it's a cheap a non-permanent
way to customize your figures
this was the end result many people
praise my videos for the props I use you
just need to get some things that look
like other things for example the
insides of some boxes can look like
cybernetic walls paper can look like
rock and you can craft very simple
buildings that look very effective on
screen
but now it's time to animate isn't it
see you next week with a new video and
for now thanks for watching